Add 'validate_unversioned_path' option, which is false by default (#53)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action: README.md

| Used tag | Effective version |
| :---: | :---: |

> | `v2` | [`v2.3.0`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.3.0)

Reviewer: This will be automagically updated via the `invoke` task the updates version.
```suggestion
| `v2` | [`v2.2.2`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.2.2)
```

> | `v2` | [`v2.3.0`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.3.0)

Author: ```suggestion
| `v2` | [`v2.2.0`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.2.0)
```

> | `v2` | [`v2.2.0`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.2.0)

Author: ```suggestion
| `v2` | [`v2.2.2`](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action/releases/tag/v2.2.2)
```

| Input | Description | Usage | Default | Action version |
| :---: |    :---     | :---: |  :---:  |      :---:     |

> | `all_versioned_paths` | Whether to test all possible versioned base URLs:<br><br>/vMAJOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH<br><br>The latter two being optional base URLs according to the specification. | Optional | `false` | `v1+`

Reviewer: These should be the same as the description in `action.yml`.
```suggestion
| `all_versioned_paths` | Whether to test the optional versioned base URLs:<br><br>/vMAJOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR<br>/vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH<br><br>If `false`, only the mandatory /vMAJOR URL will be tested. | Optional | `false` | `v1+`
```

> | `validate_unversioned_path` | Whether to validate the input URL as a full OPTIMADE implementation without appending any version.<br><br>This action assumes that the 'path' parameter will contain an unversioned URL. As it is not mandatory to run a full OPTIMADE implementation from the unversioned URL, by default, this action will not perform any validation of this URL, beyond checking the `/versions` endpoint. | Optional | `false` | `v2.3+` 

Author: > > FYI, I have written the README expecting there to be a v2.3.0 release immediately after this PR.
> 
> No need. This will be updated by the publishing workflow (via the `invoke` task).

Even this bit? Can revert the line above though

Reviewer: No, not this bit. Only the standard places where versions are mentioned.
Also, it doesn't work for new major versions (as far as I remember).
